Let's switch back over to our editor
and here
let's add script tag
add export default then add data method. Here
it's going to return an object, and inside here let's
define posts which contains empty array
now to hit our API endpoint let's add mounted hook,
then inside here let's call this fetch posts
now outside mounted hook let's add methods
and define the fetch posts.
In here we're gonna hit my posts API endpoint by saying
axios get pass in the endpoint in the first argument
in this case my posts, then in the second argument
we can pass in an object contains params
and the parents will hold the query string this route query.
OK let's chain in with then method extract the data
and here we'll assign to this posts the data dot
data. If error occurred let's console log the error
now if you remember when we're working with pagination
in the previous lesson the changes that occurred
in the URL will not affect on data changes.
So here we need to add watch property
and watch whenever route changes we'll call fetch posts
All right,
now let's go to our template.
And here we'll make sure that this ul tag
will get rendered if the post is not empty.
So v-if posts length
then here let's keep one list group item and remove the rest.
let's loop through the post by making use the v-for
posts in posts.
Let's also capture the index
and we'll put it in key attribute.
Here in the first column
let's remove this accepted class,
then let's do class binding
put in an object
so accepted class will get applied
if post accepted.
Let's change this to post type. Let's do almost the same
thing in the next span remove the accepted, copy
this class binding
paste here
and change the text to post votes count.
Next in a second column
let's replace this dummy texts with post title, for
the last column let's replace this with post created
at
now let's provide an empty message
if the current user has no any posts. Let's add d dive
the class is gonna be alert alert warning.
Here we use v-if in ul, so here let's add v-else
Inside this alert
I'm gonna say you have no any questions or answers
then I'm gonna also provide a link that
allows user to create a question.
All right
let's have all changes and let's see how that look.
Great.
Now we have current user's posts loaded from database.
I think this text would be better in left alignment.
OK
I think it's much better. Now
the last thing that we need to do is make these tabs actually work.
So let's go back to our editor
let's replaced this anchor with router link
here
let's add exact to make sure that active
class will get applied to the exact URL.
for the target
we'll point this link to
my posts.
All right, let's copy this line
select this and replace with router link. In here
we'll specify a query string
and the query string is going to contain type questions. Change
the text to questions and we don't need this href
All right
let's copy these lines
paste here and change the type to answers
the text is going to be answers.
We don't need this active class just remove it
Alright, let's save back to our browser and reload.
Now if we hit the question tab
here you'll see only questions being displayed.
Similarly if we hit this answers tab only answers being displayed
and if we hit all tab we'll have questions
and answers being displayed, awesome.
So now that we have complete functionality in our single
page application. One last more thing that we could
do is to add transition effect when switching between pages.